Update Multi-signature account registration guide - Closes 1880 (#1908)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/integrate-blockchain/multisignature-accounts-and-transactions.adoc

For a step-by-step guide about how to create a new account with Lisk Desktop, please refer to: {url_lisk_learn_create_account}[Create an Account^].

--
Lisk SDK::
+
--
For a step-by-step guide on creating a new account with Lisk SDK, please refer to the xref:{url_integrate_accounts}[] guide.

> As mentioned in the <<parameters, parameters>> section, we need three accounts.

Author: ```suggestion
Following our example in the <<parameters, parameters>> section, we need three different account credentials to register the multi-signature account.
```

    const sortedOptionalKeys = [Buffer.from(optionalAccount1.publicKey, 'hex'), Buffer.from(optionalAccount2.publicKey, 'hex'), Buffer.from(optionalAccount3.publicKey, 'hex')].sort((a, b) => a.compare(b));
----
+
. Retrieve the `nonce` of the sender account from the xref:{url_getAuthAccount}[auth_getAuthAccount], and create an `unSignedData` object.
+
[source,js]
----
    const { nonce } = await appClient.invoke('auth_getAuthAccount', {
        address: address.getLisk32AddressFromPublicKey(Buffer.from(senderKeyInfo.publicKey, 'hex')),
    });

    const unSignedData = {
        address: address.getAddressFromLisk32Address(senderKeyInfo.address),
        nonce: BigInt(nonce),
        numberOfSignatures: 2,
        mandatoryKeys: sortedMandatoryKeys,
        optionalKeys: sortedOptionalKeys,
    };
    console.log('Unsigned data -------->', unSignedData);
----
+
. Encode the `unSignedData` as per the `multisigRegMsgSchema` and also define an empty `signatures` array.
+
[source,js]
----    
    // Each multisig account registration data must be encoded with the multisigRegMsgSchema
    const msgBytes = codec.encode(multisigRegMsgSchema, unSignedData);

    var signatures = [];
----

> In the next step, we will collect signatures from each optional account.

Reviewer: At this point, it would be nice to motivate the reader to run the script to test the current implementation. 
If they implemented everything correctly, it should display the unsigned data in the console

----
====
--
Lisk SDK::
+
--
. Use each optional account's details to add a signature for each account.
To add a signature to a transaction, use the `ed.signDataWithPrivateKey()` method of the {url_typedoc_crypto}[lisk-cryptography^] package.
This package is also part of the `lisk-sdk` package.
+

> [source,js]

Reviewer: Just to avoid confusion, mention at the beginning of each chapter briefly in what file we need to add the new code snippets, and maybe even where exaclty ("right below the function XY()")

----

// Extend the script from <<converting-a-user-account-into-a-multi-signature-account>> and append some code that asks for the private key of a user, and uses it to sign the prepared transaction JSON.

// To add a signature to a transaction, use the `ed.signDataWithPrivateKey()` method of the {url_typedoc_crypto}[lisk-cryptography^] package.

// Don't forget to specify the other required parameters for `ed.signDataWithPrivateKey()`, especially `chainID` should be the correct chain ID for the account, and the `tag` for multi-signature registrations should always be `LSK_RMSG_`.

// An example script can be found in the lisk-sdk-examples repository: {url_github_guides_multisig}[multisig.js^]

// When using this script for several members, the `paramsStr` variable should be updated to the params that were returned from running `node multisig.js PRIVATEKEY`.
// This way all required signatures will be added to the parameters one after another.

// When all required signatures are added, the parameters can be used to xref:{url_integrate_createtxs_apiclient}[create] a multi-signature registration transaction from the account that should be converted to a multi-signature account.

> How to send the transaction is described in the next step.

Reviewer: Before going to the next step, please motivate the reader to run the script to test correct implementation. If all works well, it should display the transaction params in the console.
Maybe the script can be updated to log the fully signed transaction object, too.

If the multi-sig-account itself is a member of the group, one signature will be appended under signatures, and additionally, there will be two placeholders for the remaining signatures of other members.
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/15-signed.png[]
--
Node CLI::
+
--
Create a transaction via the CLI, and add the `--no-signature` and the `--sender-public-key` flag.
A multi-signature transaction requires individual signatures from the owners of the multi-signature account, hence whilst creating such a transaction, the aforementioned flags should be used.

----
lisk-core transaction:create token transfer 1000000 --no-signature --sender-public-key e98e8a6325730be6bf2644af83d5a0b004bb31c15858fedbd0ac2c1f89e2eece
----

Define the transaction params:

----
? Please enter: tokenID:  0000000100000000
? Please enter: amount:  20000000
? Please enter: recipientAddress:  lskgmmkgyc67n5jrpf2trgtxtc4yjg7bpu992chba

> ? Please enter: data:

Reviewer 2: If data is optional, would it be better if 
```
Please enter: data (Optional):
```

Author: This is something that the SDK needs to update! The console text is just copied and pasted here. The prompt texts come from the framework.

Reviewer 2: Ah sorry, understand 👍

            signedTX['signatures'][2] = Buffer.from(signedTX.signatures[2], 'hex');
            signedTX['params']['tokenID'] = unSignedTx.params['tokenID'];
            signedTX['params']['recipientAddress'] = unSignedTx.params['recipientAddress'];
            signedTX['params']['amount'] = unSignedTx.params['amount'];
            signedTX['id'] = Buffer.from(signedTX.id, 'hex');

            // Sign the transaction using the second signatory's private key
            transactions.signMultiSignatureTransaction(signedTX, chainID, Buffer.from(privateKeyStr, 'hex'), keys, transferParamsSchema);
            const fullySignedTx = new Transaction(signedTX)
            fullySignedTx.params = encodedTransferParams

            // Get the hex string of the transaction which will be used in either dry running or sending the transaction to the node
            const fullySignedTxHex = fullySignedTx.getBytes().toString('hex');
            console.log(fullySignedTxHex);

            // Un-comment either function call to run the desired function
            // dryRun(fullySignedTxHex);
            // postTransaction(fullySignedTxHex);
            process.exit(0);
        }
----
+

> . Define the functions for dry running or posting the transaction:

Reviewer: at this point, the reader should try the script and verify correct console output (please provide an example)

Author: Running the script is mentioned in the next section at line 1175 and is kept separate intentionally, since running the script has its own flow.

+

> [,js]

Reviewer: please provide info in what file /place the code should be added

----
async function dryRun(fullySignedTxHex) {
    const appClient = await apiClient.createWSClient(RPC_ENDPOINT);
    const result = await appClient.invoke('txpool_dryRunTransaction', {
        transaction: fullySignedTxHex,
    });
    console.log('Result from dry running the transaction is: ', result);
}
async function postTransaction(fullySignedTxHex) {
    const appClient = await apiClient.createWSClient(RPC_ENDPOINT);
    const result = await appClient.invoke('txpool_postTransaction', {
        transaction: fullySignedTxHex,
    });
    console.log('Result from posting the transaction is: ', result);
    process.exit(0);
}
----

> The script is ready and it can be used to either dry run or send the transaction to the node after properly signing the token transfer transaction.

Reviewer: Please provide example how to run the scripts

Author: Running the script is mentioned in the next section at line 1175 and is kept separate intentionally, since running the script has its own flow.

+
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/19-confirmation.png[]
--

Node CLI::
+
--
The `transaction:sign` command is used to sign a multi-signature transaction. 
Paste the transaction hash retrieved in the previous step.

> Since the multi-signature account set up in this guide requires two signatures, two public keys should be mentioned after the `--optional-keys` flag.

Reviewer: Not sure, but from my understanding we mention all three optional keys, but only need to add 2 signatures?

Author: Whilst registering a multi-signature account, the number of signatures should be equal to the number of keys passed (mandatory + optional). 

But when creating a transaction using a multi-sig account, one only needs to pass the required number of keys which we pass to the `numberOfSignatures` variable.

Reviewer: ok, then do we really need the `--optional-keys` flag at all in this case?

> Also, mention the `--key-derivation-path` of the signatory account.

Reviewer: In most cases this wont be necessary, because it will use the default key deriviation path, if omitted, I think

.Transaction with a single signature
[,json]
----
{
  "transaction": "0a05746f6b656e12087472616e73666572180120c0843d2a20e98e8a6325730be6bf2644af83d5a0b004bb31c15858fedbd0ac2c1f89e2eece32270a0800000001000000001080dac4091a14f94b4fc46a71d7c913d89cbf30cc698f3ee3120d22003a003a405470fa9d437fe8e8e2936ed527d269e91f256ca0b5d2a62f863276c2329d02ad69309f3f6b29648a627577ebc8234cd61fb6e4fae757c98dcd2928ea7eec5f053a00"
}
{
  "transaction": {
    "module": "token",
    "command": "transfer",
    "nonce": "1",
    "fee": "1000000",
    "senderPublicKey": "e98e8a6325730be6bf2644af83d5a0b004bb31c15858fedbd0ac2c1f89e2eece",
    "params": {
      "tokenID": "0000000100000000",
      "amount": "20000000",
      "recipientAddress": "lskgmmkgyc67n5jrpf2trgtxtc4yjg7bpu992chba",
      "data": ""
    },
    "signatures": [
      "",
      "5470fa9d437fe8e8e2936ed527d269e91f256ca0b5d2a62f863276c2329d02ad69309f3f6b29648a627577ebc8234cd61fb6e4fae757c98dcd2928ea7eec5f05",
      ""
    ],
    "id": "2d90fe6566f551a63f11861f7a70d3e0b6ee473f4d4c04364783fb3193bdbd2a"
  }
}
----
Use the transaction hash above and send it to the second signatory. 

> The second signatory should repeat the same process with two changes, update the transaction hash with the recently signed transaction, and update the key derivation path to match the second signatory's account, like this:

Reviewer: Typically the different multi-sig members do not have different key-deriviation paths, as most accounts use default paths.

  }
}
----
Post the transaction to the node by either using the xref:{url_posting_transaction_node}[transaction:send] command or xref:{url_posting_transaction_curl}[txpool_postTransaction] endpoint.

Once the transaction is executed, check the account balance of the sender (the multi-signature account) and the receiver.
The balance of both accounts should have changed.
--

Lisk SDK::
+
--
. To collect the signature for a multi-signature transaction, the first signatory should run the `create-multiSig-transaction.js` file by passing their private key:
+
[,bash]
----
node create-multiSig-transaction.js df4f52c787f9cb993384c42c2c146bd1d4d433790d1e175baa03c484543bf760c61cd862a8b7f73857b248a4358a7b35c29ca273d76ba3819e8c54b62801f16ey
----
+
. Confirm signing the transaction by passing `yes` or `y`.
+
----
Do you want to sign the transaction? 'yes'
----
+
. Transaction signed successfully by the first signatory.
The CLI will display the following message:
+
----
The file is written successfully
Please now sign the transaction with a different Private Key!
----
+
. Check the `signedTx.json` file now, it will have a transaction object with a single signature.
+
.signedTx.json
[,json]
----

> {"module":"token","command":"transfer","params":{"tokenID":{"type":"Buffer","data":[0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0]},"recipientAddress":{"type":"Buffer","data":[249,75,79,196,106,113,215,201,19,216,156,191,48,204,105,143,62,227,18,13]},"amount":"20000000","data":"Hello!"},"nonce":"3","fee":"1000000","senderPublicKey":"e98e8a6325730be6bf2644af83d5a0b004bb31c15858fedbd0ac2c1f89e2eece","signatures":["ab75da7fd2259685f612fdb2524857ab41e41b72ba12d3261ff8d0f6869ee07c658455c68a791b71fefa5699e19c986cce3c87e752fc4271c3fe9c62071e9c0d","",""],"id":"9ed3ae5e7c5270fc9f8aaa6043c63d24c5da21cb501c6d4a7c399b2bd2cdddd8"}

Reviewer: in a somewhat realistic scenario, the second signer would like to verify the txJSON befor signing, but it looks like important params are encoded as Buffer. Can this be updated to human-readbale values? Otherwise it is hard to verify correct params.
